Docs - best practices for ILogger.IsEnabled (#5459)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: docs/logs/README.md

**disabled** for certain log levels. Making an extra call to `IsEnabled` before
logging will not give you any performance gain.

> [!WARNING]
> The `logger.IsEnabled(LogLevel.Information)` call in the following code is not
  going to give any performance gain. Refer to the [logging performance
  benchmark](../../test/Benchmarks/Logs/LogBenchmarks.cs) for more details.

```csharp
var food = "tomato";
var price = 2.99;

if (logger.IsEnabled(LogLevel.Information)) // do not do this, there is no perf gain
{
    logger.SayHello(food, price);
}

internal static partial class LoggerExtensions
{
    [LoggerMessage(Level = LogLevel.Information, Message = "Hello from {food} {price}.")]
    public static partial void SayHello(this ILogger logger, string food, double price);
}
```

`IsEnabled` can give performance benefits when it is expensive to evaluate the
arguments. For example, in the following code the `Database.GetFoodPrice`
invocation will be skipped if the logger is not enabled:

```csharp
if (logger.IsEnabled(LogLevel.Information))
{
    logger.SayHello(food, Database.GetFoodPrice(food));
}
```

Although `IsEnabled` can give some performance benefits in the above scenario,

> for most users it is causing more problems. For example, the performance of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for most users it can cause more problems. For example, the performance of the
```
